feat: fcc-todo-app (#51367)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-localstorage-by-building-a-todo-app/64fb1061ca838611ed6a7d6b.md

---
id: 64fb1061ca838611ed6a7d6b
title: Step 41
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-41
---

# --description--

> Use square bracket notation to get the task to be edited from the `taskData` array using the `dataArrIndex`. Assign it to the `currentTask` object to keep track of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use square bracket notation to retrieve the task to be edited from the `taskData` array using the `dataArrIndex`. Then, assign it to the `currentTask` object to keep track of it.
```
